# This is my Portfolio
I tried to make it look very similar to the one showed in the example while adding my own decoration to it. This is currently a work in progress version for it as I don't currently have a lot to put in the portfolio but I hope to add works to it in the future.
# The steps involved
I had a rough time for this one so there were many massive changes and edits that made one string of changes difficult to manage.
* I reused a ribbon from the last homework exercise as I noticed the demo had one that was very similar, then I made edits to it so it would look similar.
* I added a stock image to match the theme and color pattern of the ribbon, and made the subtitle with some effort in making its rounded edges and border.
* I began working towards a 3 row, 2 column system for the "about me, work, and contact me" section on the first vertical column then having the second column feature the images for the work I've done, this had many changes down the line as I struggled to make the spacing work. Eventually, I settled on a "leftbox" class and a "rightbox" class that would seperate the divs on each side and this gave semi-reliable results.
* The images were easily the most difficult part of the project, I struggled to find a method of listing them that would keep one larger main image above a list of 4 that would all wrap neatly next to eachother but I eventually got a functional list with a transparency and cursor function to make the opacity 50% and have the curser turn into a pointer when the user hovered over an image.
* I finished by adding an about me section, leaving out the phone number section as since I am not using the portfolio yet I would prefer to update it as I went with modern info when that time comes.